chore: Update README.md (#17909)
risingwavelabs/risingwave: README.md

  </a>
</div>

RisingWave is a Postgres-compatible SQL engine engineered to provide the <i><b>simplest</b></i> and <i><b>most cost-efficient</b></i> approach for <b>processing</b>, <b>analyzing</b>, and <b>managing</b> real-time event streaming data.

![RisingWave](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/assets/41638002/10c44404-f78b-43ce-bbd9-3646690acc59)

## When to use RisingWave?
RisingWave can ingest millions of events per second, continuously join live data streams with historical tables, and serve ad-hoc queries in real-time. Typical use cases include, but are not limited to:

> * **Streaming analytics**: Perform streaming analytics and build live dashboards with <1s data freshness, ideal for stock trading, sports betting, IoT monitoring, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Streaming analytics**: Perform streaming analytics and build live dashboards with < 1s data freshness, ideal for stock trading, sports betting, IoT monitoring, and more.
```

> * **Streaming analytics**: Perform streaming analytics and build live dashboards with < 1s data freshness, ideal for stock trading, sports betting, IoT monitoring, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Streaming analytics**: Perform streaming analytics and build live dashboards with data freshness under one second, ideal for stock trading, sports betting, IoT monitoring, and more.
```

* **Event-Driven applications**: Develop monitoring and alerting applications for fraud detection, anomaly detection, and more.
* **Real-Time ETL pipelines**: Ingest data from different sources, perform enrichment queries, and deliver results to downstream systems.

> * **Feature stores**: Transform both batch and streaming data into MLfeatures using the same codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Feature stores**: Transform both batch and streaming data into ML features using the same codebase.
```
